Wake up
Come on, drink the medicine
Are you taking me to the border camp?
Right
Don't you even shave when you fight at the border?
Hu Cha is so obvious
Why do I have love?
Not really.
Handsome or handsome
Just more man than before
More of a man?
I won't really allow it next time.
You can't take risks alone anymore
Fortunately, this time I was just too tired to sleep for a few more days.
You can't sleep if you catch the plague
What do you want me to do?
What should I do?
You are allowed to work at the border
Do you allow me to work with your husband and wife to help you love your people together?
That's what it says.
What a queen
Who wants to be a queen?
I did it for the Queen Mother's reward
Third uncle fight